there's a couple things I want to talk
about today bear with me be patient the
first being spiritual successors and
what are spiritual successors because
apparently there are people mainly in my
skype chat mainly my skype poll that do
not know so what are they it's when a
developer creates a game that could be
perceived as a new installment in
existing franchise that they've worked
on before but doesn't show the same name
due to licensing issues and or other
reasons and that is called a spiritual
successor now I due to the current
nature of the publisher developer system
in gaming as well as continued purchase
take over its including copyrights and
trademarks you know creative teams also
failed to retain the copyright and
trademark rights to things such as their
creations look at Megaman way number
nine so this often makes them to have to
create a sequel for a game that is
impossible due to various reasons such
as the core the studio being fired or
replaced or going on to another
competing project or change into a new
parent company or the studio closes and
their rights are bought by another
company and Trademark such as both fall
productions origin systems and westwood
studios examples include goldeneye night
time splitters in perfect dark system
shock the Bioshock Wing Commander the
star system Total Annihilation Supreme
Commander Xenogears the Xenosaga that
will make ride and anetta radiant silver
gun to ikaruga megaman 2 mighty number 9
but apparently some people do not
understand so people do not understand
the definition of the English language
because apparently they're Japanese
sugar daddies have the power to rewrite
English language its meanings and their
definitions no so game in question a
link between worlds at game 1 3d sname
by a thread yes if you go to the game
spot review if you go to the article
that is written you can find specific
excerpt in the actual article that
states the legend of zelda a link to the
past the famous green tunic castle and
characters are all revised
in this 3ds see cool but while many
elements of this sequel are familiar I
mean people the game is a sequel to a
prior game in the series it is
specifically stated within the game that
a link between worlds is a sequel to a
link to the past I don't understand how
you can comprehend that I understand how
you can get that so all you've got dick
riders I include you Henry you need to
shut the hell up thank you so now on to
the main topic of the video the
bayonetta dick ride result man so now
all you people you know me and you think
people would learn to just relax remain
calm I mean especially after the whole
damage control the Japanese first week
sales and the OL one day to thing you
would think that people just relax and
become be quiet I things play out but
everyone is so quick to want to own
people and yet these are the same people
that continuously get owned it
themselves so Bayonetta made his debut
in America and sold around 200,000
copies 250,000 copies in total give or
take around that up or down who really
knows exactly for sure now that's good
congratulations everybody
congratulations operation platinum that
is twenty-five percent to a million that
is one-fourth of the alleged goal the
million that if it does sell I would say
I was going to buy with you I clearly
made a video said in this game sells 1
million copies i will go out and buy a
wii u and see that is what is funny even
though this is a game i said i would
want to play I clearly said in my video
I want to play this game because I said
it went so well and because I said it
wouldn't break a million copies sold I'm
a hater who wants the game to fail over
a mere sales prediction you got morons
out there like furious fanboy I think
I'm some kind of illogical Nintendo
conspirators hater that won't shut up
dude few needs Francis shut up and wider
add it get a shirt that has a cow it's
not stretched out over your big-ass head
and take a razor at a liner and edger
and fix your damn hair line God moving
on moving on again it's funny how people
are going crazy saying how two hundred
thousand twenty fifty thousand actually
no rewind it's funny how people going
crazy saying 200,000 is a huge debut in
America and it's some ungodly number
when you look at games like wolven some
new order did 370,000 in its first week
on the PlayStation 4 the evil would then
did 425,000 in its first week on the
PlayStation 4 shadow of Mordor did half
a million in its first week on the
PlayStation 4 but 200,000 is somehow
some insane number to brag about on a
system at literally has nothing but a
handful of games and alternatives to
choose from but you know what you know
what is really insane what's really
insane is the playstation 4 selling
300,000 over this time period and the
wii u only selling 50,000 that's right
people it got lapped not once not twice
but six times over some antenna fanboys
you need to relax everyone just needs to
calm down and let things play out I mean
250,000 down 750,000 go people and I'll
buy a Wii U